hey there guys Skippy here from CB six
game coming to you with another
duplication tutorial I've been getting
tons of people asking about specific
things so this is one that came up
recently again for me it's not that big
of a deal i have this fancy a punk
semi-auto melon pumpkin farm thingamabob
ii but there is something that you will
want to duplicate with regards to that
and that will be melon seeds so we all
know that they're pretty damn hard to
get you got to find them you got to find
out underground mine and all that jazz
and then you get one or two and so this
will save you again if you find one you
could probably do this a long way by
simply planning it and breaking it
planning and breaking it but what you
can really do is just go ahead and once
you have one melon all you gotta do is
go ahead and I'll show you this in my
inventory as you can see I have nothing
but a sword and steak if you didn't know
swords are the fastest way to cut down
melons and so we have seven mountains
there you go I got one melon worth of
slices so we want to duplicate melon
seeds well what we're going to do is I'm
not jumping that way we're just gonna
run down here and go up here so find
yourself an anvil once you got the one
melon that you found even with one set
if you just found one melon seeds you
could grow one melon and get this and
then your whole farm is off to ready to
go you could pretty much grow the
biggest farm you want right as soon as
you do it so jump on in to the anvil
we're going to follow with the ex what
we'll do is just go ahead and put these
melons down with square square square
square square square square square
they're all down so go through this
inventory right up here by pressing
triangle triangle triangle triangle
triangle triangle triangle triangle so
they're all there now go up to the
melons up here press triangle bring it
back down that's your ghost block right
there and you're just going to go back
and forth triangle it back up and down
and up and down if you just do this all
day fill up those stacks again you could
do this with your whole inventory if you
really wanted to but it wouldn't take
totally that long I'm just gonna keep
going up and down I'm gonna fill them up
or not make this video something a
little longer like I said guys this is
following the traditional duplication
glitch videos
that I put out but I find that often
people just want to know exactly which
item to do and how to do it so I'll go
through man I got all day plus my world
is pretty large and I don't mind loading
up on a whole bunch of stuff so I'm just
gonna keep going up and down and up and
down and once again I like to always
think every time we might do my
duplication glitch the la blah every
time in my duplication glitch videos
always take Lord right stone for
teaching me the masterful ways of the
duplication this one's a very
straightforward one but there are harder
ones that took me a little bit to learn
and we're gonna leave the triangle with
our stacks full and we're gonna leave
the melon right there so what are we
gonna do we're going to exit we're going
to circle out of the angle and back away
as to not pick those melons up hit a
quick crafting menu with square go over
to food and look see what we got here we
are about to have six stacks of melon
seeds that's just from finding one melon
that all you need is one melon and start
packing it up so if you just find one
melon seeds in our mind somewhere what
you do is you plant it you let the melt
and grow you know when I was when I was
an amateur I used to plant it let it get
two biggest size and then chop it and
hope to get to or or whatever this is
going to save it all you need is one
mullen one melon seeds and you literally
have all the melons you want but I
pretty much just hold down that X button
and you're gonna have all the melon
seeds you're gonna ever need from you
guys I don't really need them as much I
have a melon farm that just stays in
place and constantly produces so but for
you guys that are playing on survival
this is a good way to turn one single
melon seeds into all the melon seeds you
need all in a matter of a couple minutes
of your time so now you can see I have
six stacks of melon seeds done and done
I go pick up my melon in case you're
hungry after you do that let's let's go
ahead and mmm let's just eat this melon
because that's how I roll and there you
go guys that's how you duplicate melon
seeds if you think this video is awesome
don't forget to hit that like button as
well as subscribe to my channel for tons
of do pitches mob farms XP farms all
that jazz seat showcases and yeah thanks
again
I'll catch on the next one